we speaking of my wife Molly and I have
a baby on the way we don't know the baby
thank you baby we like that to be a
surprise and we went to I took my video
camera on my phone we went to the
doctor's office
and we did get a surprise and not a very
good surprise everything is looking
great the doctor will be here shortly
thank you thank you so this is your
ultrasound how many weeks Molly
28 28 weeks and this is I mean we just
got to look at you I am nothing could
ruin this moment this isn't very special
really is so sweet Wow what are you
doing here what is this you didn't tell
him tell me what I'm the father father
oh yeah you're not you were that would
mean you have that done you promised me
you were gonna stop my girlfriend she's
not your girlfriend she's my wife that's
worse that's actually worse Molly hey
this is between you guys I really don't
want to get in the middle is about a
difference of course that your visits
couldn't be more of your business it's
not their business it's not you know
what we should do
you just let why don't we let the baby
decide let's just leave it decide what
look
hello baby we don't know if you're a boy
or a girl but you have a choice of
daddies
I mean one daddy could be a Emmy loser
Emmy nominee same thing other daddy
could be an Oscar winner and Oscar do
you want to play with that it was a weak
year baby who made out with Liberace
okay wait what's going on in here who
are you I'm her doctor
oh I'm sorry doctor how's his father
he's saying he's the father of there's a
very simple way to settle this
just do a test I'll do a test I'll do a
test today on an all-new Maury Jimmy is
a married to Molly for four years but
Jimmy's mortal enemy Matt Damon thinks
he's the father of Molly's unborn baby
I'm the father Jimmy the truth will set
you free
buckle in because another outrageous
we get everyone welcome Molly
that he's the father of Molly's baby but
Matt says he's a baby daddy so does the
hoax
let's take a look Maury there's no way
that Jimmy is the father of Molly's baby
he doesn't even have it is the father of
Molly's baby I will sue him I will sue
Molly
I was so Maury I'll sue the baby
how does soup
such stupid words Matt how do you think
you're the father and please use the
loudest voice okay then it's obvious
alright I just want to show you this
look look at the nose I mean that's
obviously my kid that's not a nose
that's the baby's penis you don't even
know what a penis is a baby I don't
think so I don't think so spirit yeah it
doesn't mean my kid
so let's get this moving and find out
the results of the paternity test
is that why you wanted my pee know that
for something else so when it comes to
molly's baby's you are not the father
[Applause]
I can't believe we had that much sex and
you didn't get pregnant but you did well
Jimmy I have a little news for you you
are also not
[Applause]
who's the father oh yeah where is the
father Molly when it comes to your
unborn baby guess who's coming to dinner
[Applause]
true
how could either of you satisfying me
when all you really want is each other
guys it's been obvious for you in Tracy
did you have something else to tell us
that's right I do I'm pregnant too
[Applause]
mommy's baby
[Music]
when we come back Jimmy
faces his fear balloon
[Applause]
watches too sexy mom I think a dress too
sexy
I think they like it
and by the way Matt Matt gaming as a new
movie called the Great Wall opening on
Friday please don't go see it
[Applause]
you
[Music]